## 2022-12-26
------------------
First day of CF Zealots.

I have a stupid Mo's algorithm solution that's TLEing, and another one that I have no idea why it's TLEing. Probably work on debugging.

J just turned out to be a stupid digit DP problem that gets dangerously close to time limits. E was standard.

N is hard to think about, to combine paths it's the max across all lengths of pairs of paths s.t. the pair, when xor'd, has <=1 popcount. 

M was kinda cool, though after looking it up after I solved the problem, there's apparently an O(n^2) solution instead of O(n^3logn) which is what I did lol.

I should really test samples locally before submitting, ESPECIALLY for icpc... I WA'd 1 twice simply because of debug statements. Also, MLE1 is something to watch out for.

I cheesed I with Mo's, let's go. TIL that DFS Tin/Tout only needs a size N array, not 2N by using half open intervals for queries. But there's probably an actual solution to I that I'll have to learn (probably root combination technique, I'm still bad at those problems). Also, apparently I solved this problem before, I also used mo's, but I got rid of the log(n) factor by doing some prefix sum thing, leveraging that if you have a prefix sum of counts, you only update +1 -1 locally, so apparently there's a way to make the prefix sum O(1) updates instead of O(n). Pretty insane stuff from past me, vs. just throwing a segtree at it and calling it a day.

G was because STL bsearch was probably not good for this problem, or I just need to understand it more. WA'd a few times because of a stupid bug like that. I did solve the problem before though, and when I looked at my previous submission, my current one is a lot cleaner (I malloced a 3D C-style array in that one!)


